{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 COMP 5370 Assignment 2 - Build Info\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa200

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Implement blowfish encryption and decryption on TCP-IP Client-Server socket model ( your 1st assignment).\
Due date - September 14th 2015(Monday)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
Source code must be submitted with build info.\
\
This is individual assignment. \
\
\
I used Java for the socket programming assignment. I also used IntelliJ IDEA as my development tool.\
\
\
Source files are in zip folder submitted on Canvas. This build information is in the same folder directory. I placed the entire IntelliJ project folder into the submission folder. TO get to the .class files, go to \'93~/NetworkSecurity_HW2/out/production/NetworkSecurity_HW2/\'93 . There are the .class files. \
Go to the src folder in /NetworkSecurity_HW2/src/ for .java files, then compile if wanted. Run the .class files instead of compiling.\
\
Change directory from the project folder in terminal by using this command line:\
cd ./out/production/NetworkSecurity_HW2/\
\
1) To run, open up the terminal, compile SimpleServer.java, then run it. Make sure it is running before the client.\
e.g \'93$ java ServerHW2\'94\
\
2) Open up a secondary terminal, compile SimpleClient.java, then run it.\
e.g \'93$ java ClientHW2 Key123 Password\'94\
\
Provided, I have a screenshot(s) of my terminal and testing.}